Now that you learned more about promises and fetch in the last course module, in this course module, we'll
again dive back into service workers, much deeper into them now though
and by the end of this module, our service worker will have grown quite a bit as you can tell. Now the
cool thing is that with that code,
our application is now offline capable, at least in a basic form.
You can see that if I take offline here and reload, it still works.
That is what we'll have
by the end of the application because if you try this right now before going through this module, all you
see when going offline is this.
Now we can certainly improve that.